commuter trains gliding between stations
Subway's running under city streets
freight trains chugging across the
heartland every kind of train needs a
steady experienced hand at the throttle
and on the brakes locomotive engineers
are railroaders who have reached a
cherished goal usually they have been
chosen by the rail company from the
ranks of experienced operations
employees after long hours of training
in the yard and classrooms and on
simulators a newly licensed engineer
becomes an assistant engineer moving on
to handling trains in the rail yard and
from there to longer runs the engineer
is responsible for every aspect of the
train under way from the condition of
the engine to the signals up ahead but
the engineers essential partner is the
conductor good morning ladies and
gentlemen what occurs blue to the public
railroad conductors are the people who
helped them onto the train take their
tickets and stand by the open door when
the Train is in the station amtrak
conductor to the flag but a conductor
has a lot more on his or her mind and is
trained by the railroad to be
responsible for many aspects of every
trip when a train is ready to leave the
station it's up to the conductor to make
sure people are safely aboard and the
doors are clear before signaling to the
engineer to proceed the conductor also
coordinates the activities of the train
crew while the Train is underway the
conductor receives information about
track conditions and train traffic and
relays that information to the engineer
when you get that transmission over
conductors on freight trains handle the
way bills and coordinate information
about schedules shipping and unloading
especially when they're low in seniority
engineers and conductors often work
nights weekends and holidays it's a job
that looks exciting from afar up close
it's a lot of hard work but the job
attracts app
hence who love working on the railroad
while a degree from a career school or
college is a good start most railroad
companies train employees themselves so
it's a good idea to contact the company
directly to find out how you can get on
track for a job on the rails
you